README.md, before:

# ScienceFair Period Calculator

An Ionic 3 (Angular 5) app built for a science fair project to provide a clean, mobile-style period calculator experience in the browser.

## What it does
- Presents an iOS-inspired layout with a slide-out menu and a focused home screen.
- Shows project info and imagery tailored for the science fair presentation.
- Runs in the browser via Ionic Lab for quick device-style previews.

## Tech stack
- Ionic 3.9 (ionic-angular) with Angular 5
- ionic-app-scripts (patched to use dart-sass)
- Sass styles (dart-sass), TypeScript

## Getting started
Prereqs: Node 18+, npm. The dependencies are older, so use legacy peer handling.

```bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
npm start -- --lab   # Lab view (device frames). Use `npm start` for the default view.
```
- Lab opens at http://localhost:8200 (and http://localhost:8101 for the app view).
- If you re-install dependencies, ensure `sass` is present; the build is configured to prefer dart-sass instead of node-sass.

## 2026 update
- This project won the schoolwide science fair and advanced to regionals in 2019.

## Release tagging
- Current tag: v0.1.0 (first snapshot after the Sass migration and UI polish).

Commit message:

Add deployment instructions (GitHub Pages & Netlify)

README.md, after:

# ScienceFair Period Calculator

An Ionic 3 (Angular 5) app built for a science fair project to provide a clean, mobile-style period calculator experience in the browser.

## What it does
- Presents an iOS-inspired layout with a slide-out menu and a focused home screen.
- Shows project info and imagery tailored for the science fair presentation.
- Runs in the browser via Ionic Lab for quick device-style previews.

## Tech stack
- Ionic 3.9 (ionic-angular) with Angular 5
- ionic-app-scripts (patched to use dart-sass)
- Sass styles (dart-sass), TypeScript

## Getting started
Prereqs: Node 18+, npm. The dependencies are older, so use legacy peer handling.

```bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
npm start -- --lab   # Lab view (device frames). Use `npm start` for the default view.
```
- Lab opens at http://localhost:8200 (and http://localhost:8101 for the app view).
- If you re-install dependencies, ensure `sass` is present; the build is configured to prefer dart-sass instead of node-sass.

## 2026 update
- This project won the schoolwide science fair and advanced to regionals in 2019.

## Deployment

### GitHub Pages (easiest, free)
1. Go to repo Settings → Pages → Source: **Deploy from a branch**
2. Branch: `master`, Folder: `/` (or `/docs` if you're willing to move `www/` there)
3. GitHub Pages will serve it at `https://kylealzayadi.github.io/PeriodCalculator/`

**Note:** The `www/` folder (production build) is not tracked in Git. To deploy:
- Option A: Build locally (`npm run build`) and manually push `www/` (remove it from `.gitignore`, commit, push).
- Option B: Use **Netlify** (auto-builds on every push—recommended).

### Netlify (recommended, auto-builds)
1. Sign up at [netlify.com](https://netlify.com)
2. Connect your GitHub repo
3. Build command: `npm run build`
4. Publish directory: `www/`
5. Deploy & get a live URL instantly

Every push to `master` auto-rebuilds and deploys.

## Release tagging
- Current tag: v0.1.0 (first snapshot after the Sass migration and UI polish).
